Elaborate on Function.name behavior (#18836)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/function/name/index.md

}
```

> With a `static name()` method `Foo.name` no longer holds the actual class name but a reference to the `name()` function object. Trying to obtain the class of `fooInstance` via `fooInstance.constructor.name` won't give us the class name at all but a reference to the static class method. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With a `static name()` method `Foo.name` no longer holds the actual class name but a reference to the `name()` function object. Trying to obtain the class of `fooInstance` via `fooInstance.constructor.name` won't give us the class name at all, but instead a reference to the static class method. Example:
```

```js
const fooInstance = new Foo();
console.log(fooInstance.constructor.name); // logs function name()
```

Due to the existence of static fields, `name` may not be a function either.

```js
class Foo {
  static name = 123;
}
console.log(new Foo().constructor.name); // 123
```

If a class has a static property called `name`, it will also become _writable_. The built-in definition in the absence of a custom static definition is _read-only_:

```js
Foo.name = 'Hello';
console.log(Foo.name); // logs "Hello" if class Foo has a static name() property but "Foo" if not.
```

Therefore you may not rely on the built-in `name` property to always hold a class's name.

### JavaScript compressors and minifiers

> > **Warning:** Be careful when using the `name` property with source code transformations, such as those carried out by JavaScript compressors (minifiers) or obfuscators. These tools are often used as part of a JavaScript build pipeline to reduce the size of a program prior to deploying it to production. Such transformations often change a function's name at build-time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning:** Be careful when using the `name` property with source-code transformations, such as those carried out by JavaScript compressors (minifiers) or obfuscators. These tools are often used as part of a JavaScript build pipeline to reduce the size of a program prior to deploying it to production. Such transformations often change a function's name at build time.
```

Source code such as:

```js
function Foo() {};
const foo = new Foo();

if (foo.constructor.name === 'Foo') {
  console.log("'foo' is an instance of 'Foo'");
} else {
  console.log('Oops!');
}
```

may be compressed to:

```js
function a() {};
const b = new a();
if (b.constructor.name === 'Foo') {
  console.log("'foo' is an instance of 'Foo'");
} else {
  console.log('Oops!');
}
```

> In the uncompressed version, the program runs into the truthy-branch and logs "'foo' is an instance of 'Foo'". Whereas, in the compressed version it behaves differently, and runs into the else-branch. If you rely on the `name` property, like in the example above, make sure your build pipeline doesn't change function names, or don't assume a function to have a particular name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the uncompressed version, the program runs into the truthy branch and logs "'foo' is an instance of 'Foo'" — whereas, in the compressed version it behaves differently, and runs into the else branch. If you rely on the `name` property, like in the example above, make sure your build pipeline doesn't change function names, or don't assume a function has a particular name.
```
